A music generation system that generates compositions consisting of melodies and chords. 
The generated music is output as a MIDI-file. 

In order to generate structured music, the system utilizes different hierarchical structures to represent different musical aspects: 

* Metric representation. Expresses how the music behaves in time domain, much like sheet notation. 
* Abstract, hierarchically grouped representation:

    - A full composition consists of a sequence of Sections, which each contain a melody and a chord sequence.
    - Melodies consist of motifs, which then consist of notes. 
    - Chord Sequences consist of chords, which then consist of notes.

The generative process:
The generative process is conducted by the top-level module "Composer". First, general characteristics such as tempo, scale, and general structure is generated. 
Then, instructive parameters for the generation process are generated. These are contained in the dictionaries "chord_info", "metric_info", and "melodic_info".
Upon generating each section, these dictionaries are passed to the constructor of the Section object. For each new section, some of these remain the same, and some change. 
This is to ensure both cohesion and variation. In general, the Composer module works to ensure that repetition occurs on multiple structural levels, such as motifs, melodies, chord sequences and full sections.


starts of first generating an abstract hierarchical representation of the composition, which is then mapped to a metric representation, thus adding timing and rhythmic information. . This is handled by the top-level module "Composer", which passes generative instructions down to the lower levels. These instructions are contained in the 

For each section, a melody hierarchy is generated, and then transformed to a metric representation before the chords are generated by formulating the harmonization problem as a Constraint Satisfaction Problem. 



Uses the following libraries:

MIDIUtil: https://pypi.org/project/MIDIUtil/

python-constraint: https://pypi.org/project/python-constraint/
